TERRACOTTA, INC.
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
TERRACOTTA

REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED

COMMERCIAL USE NOT PERMITTED

VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW

License for Terracotta

IMPORTANT -- READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE:

This License Agreement for certain Terracotta Products ("License
Agreement" or "Agreement") is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or an entity) and Terracotta, Inc. and its suppliers and
licensors (collectively "Terracotta" or "TC") for: the Terracotta
software which may include components provided by suppliers and
licensors to TC ("Software") and/or Terracotta services ("Services").
The Software may include any of the following Terracotta products
including any combination of such products and Alpha, Beta, trial,
pre-release, free, pay and premium versions of the products
(collectively, "TC Products"): Terracotta Virtualization Server.  You
may install only one copy of the Software.  By clicking on the "Accept"
button, installing, copying or otherwise using the Software, you agree
to be bound by the terms of this License Agreement.  IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE "CANCEL"
BUTTON AND/OR DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.  PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU
PROVIDE TO TERRACOTTA IS GOVERNED BY THE TERRACOTTA PRIVACY POLICY,
WHICH IS ONLINE AT http://www.terracottatech.com/privacy.html YOU AGREE
THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE ESTABLISHES THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS
LICENSE AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS
AND CONDITIONS.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

Terracotta hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, revocable, limited
license to use the Software and any related documentation
("Documentation") subject to the following terms:

a) You may: (i) use the Software on up to six (6) computers; and (ii)
copy the Software for back-up and archival purposes, provided any copy
must contain all of the original Software's proprietary notices.

b) TC may modify this License Agreement with respect to free versions
of the Software upon 14 days written notice to you, including notice
via the communications features described below.

2. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.

a) You may not: (i) use the Software in a commercial, production
environment; (ii) permit other individuals to use the Software except
under the terms listed above; (iii) modify, translate, reverse
engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that this
restriction is expressly prohibited by law) or create derivative works
based upon the Software or Documentation; (iv) copy the Software or
Documentation (except for back-up or archival purposes); (v) rent,
lease, transfer, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software or
Documentation; (vi) remove any proprietary notices or labels on the
Software or Documentation; or (vii) disclose the results of any
Software performance benchmarks to any third party without Terracotta's
prior written consent.  Any such forbidden use shall immediately
terminate your license to the Software.

b) You agree that you shall only use the Software and Documentation in
a manner that complies with all applicable laws in the jurisdictions in
which you use the Software and Documentation, including, but not
limited to, applicable restrictions concerning copyright and other
intellectual property rights.

c) You may only use the Software for your private, non-commercial use,
in a developmental environment.  You may not use the Software in any
way to provide, or as part of, any commercial service or application.

d) You may not use the Software in an attempt to, or in conjunction
with, any device, program or service designed to circumvent
technological measures employed to control access to, or the rights in,
a content file or other work protected by the copyright laws of any
jurisdiction.

3. COPIES OF SOFTWARE AND ENHANCEMENTS.

If you receive the first copy of the Software electronically and a
second copy on physical media (e.g., CD, diskette, etc.), the second
copy may be used for archival purposes only and may not be transferred
to or used by any other person.  This license does not grant you any
right to any enhancement or update.

4. EXPIRATION.

Your license to use the Software shall last for 30 days, provided that
you comply with all the terms of this license.  The Software you are
receiving may contain more or less features than the commercial /
production-environment release of the Terracotta Virtualization Server
that TC intends to distribute.  While TC intends to distribute a
commercial release of the Software, TC reserves the right at any time
not to release a commercial release of the Software or, if released, to
alter features, specifications, capabilities, functions, licensing
terms, release dates, general availability or other characteristics of
the commercial release.  You agree that any free download versions are
not suitable for production use and may contain errors affecting their
proper operation.  You agree that you will not do anything to
circumvent or defeat the features designed to stop the Software from
operating after the license expires.

5. TITLE.

Title, ownership rights, and all applicable intellectual property
rights in and to the Software and Documentation shall remain with TC.
The Software and Documentation are protected by the copyright laws of
the United States and international copyright treaties.

6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY & LIMIT OF LIABILITY.

THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, TC FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  THE ENTIRE RISK STEMMING FROM THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TC BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION,
OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF TC
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  TC's TOTAL
LIABLITY FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES SHALL NOT EXCEED TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS
($25.00).  BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE
ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  TC DOES NOT ENDORSE, WARRANT OR
GUARANTEE ANY CONTENT PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH TC.

7. INDEMNIFICATION.

This Software is intended for use in the manner for which it was
designed.  You agree to hold harmless, indemnify and defend TC, its
officers, directors and employees, from and against any losses,
damages, fines and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs)
arising out of or relating to any claims that you have used the
Software in violation of another party's rights, or in violation of any
law, or (ii) violated any terms of this License Agreement.  If you are
importing the Software from the United States, you shall indemnify and
hold TC harmless from and against any import and export duties or other
claims arising from such importation.

8. TERMINATION.

This License Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to
comply with any term hereof.  No notice shall be required from TC to
effect such termination.  You may also terminate this License Agreement
at any time by notifying TC in writing of termination.  Upon any
termination of this License Agreement, you shall immediately
discontinue use of the Software and shall within three (3) days return
to TC, or certify destruction of, all full or partial copies of the
Software, documentation and related materials provided by TC.  Your
obligation to pay accrued charges and fees shall survive any
termination of this License Agreement.

9. NO ASSIGNMENT.

This Agreement is personal to you, and may not be assigned without TC's
express written consent.  In the event that you are an entity that
merges with another entity or are acquired by another entity during the
Term, you shall provide written notice of such merger or acquisition
not later than the date on which any public announcement is made.  If
TC does not consent to assignment of this Agreement to the new or
acquiring entity in such merger or acquisition, TC may terminate this
Agreement on ten (10) days' written notice.  Both parties shall perform
under this Agreement until such termination is effective.

10. U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.

This Software and Documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.
Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to
restrictions set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the
Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights at FAR 52.227-19 when
applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical
Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, and in similar
clauses in the NASA FAR supplement, as applicable.  The manufacturer is
Terracotta, Inc., 650 Townsend Street, suite 325; San Francisco, CA
94103.  You are responsible for complying with all trade regulations
and laws both foreign and domestic.  You acknowledge that none of the
Software or underlying information or technology may be downloaded or
otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into any Taliban-controlled areas
of Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Serbia (except Kosovo),
the Sudan, and Syria or any other country subject to a U.S. embargo; or
(ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Parties
List or Entity List.  By using the Software you are agreeing to the
foregoing and are representing and warranting that (i) no U.S. federal
agency has suspended, revoked, or denied you export privileges, (ii)
you are not located in or under the control of a national or resident
of any such country or on any such list, and (iii) you will not export
or re-export the Software to any prohibited county, or to any
prohibited person, entity, or end-user as specified by U.S. export
controls.  For more information on the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations (EAR), 15 C.F.R. Parts 730-774, and the Bureau of Export
Administration ("BXA"), please refer to the BXA homepage
(http://www.bxa.doc.gov).

11. ARBITRATION & JURISDICTION.

All claims, disputes, and other matters in question arising out of, or
relating to, this Agreement or the interpretation or breach thereof,
shall be fully, finally and exclusively resolved by binding and
confidential arbitration conducted pursuant to the rules of Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (JAMS) in San Francisco,
California.  This agreement to arbitrate shall be specifically
enforceable under applicable law in any court.  Notice of the demand
for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the other party to this
Agreement and JAMS.  By entering into this Agreement, Terracotta and
Licensee waive their respective rights to have any such disputes or
claims tried by a judge or jury.  To the fullest extent permitted by
law: no arbitration under this License Agreement shall be joined to any
other arbitration, including any arbitration involving any other
current or former licensee of TC; no class arbitration proceedings
shall be permitted; no finding or stipulation of fact in any other
arbitration, judicial or similar proceeding may be given preclusive or
collateral estoppel effect in any arbitration hereunder (unless
determined in another proceeding between you and TC); and no conclusion
of law in any other arbitration may be given any weight in any
arbitration hereunder (unless determined in another proceeding between
you and TC).  Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator
compensation will be limited to those set forth in the JAMS' Rules with
the remainder paid by TC.  If such costs are determined to be
excessive, TC will pay all arbitration fees and arbitrator
compensation.  You and TC may litigate in court only to compel
arbitration under this Agreement, stay proceedings pending arbitration,
or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award rendered
by the arbitrator(s).  You and TC hereby consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of
California to enforce the provisions of this Section, and to resolve
any disputes and claims cognizable in court relating in any way, or
arising out of, this Agreement, the Software, or your use of the
Software.  The court, not the arbitrator, shall determine whether
arbitration may occur and enforce the arbitration agreements contained
herein, including the prohibition on consolidated arbitrations and
class arbitration.  This Agreement and all disputes and claims relating
in any way to, or arising out of, this Agreement, the Software or
Services or your use of the Software or Services shall be governed by
the laws of the State of California and the Federal Arbitration Act.

12. COPYRIGHT

All content copyright Terracotta, Inc. 2005-2006.  All rights reserved.
Any copying, re-distribution, or sale is expressly prohibited.  Violators
will be prosecuted to the maximum extent permissible under applicable
law.

13. MISCELLEANOUS

The Software may automatically communicate with TC's servers to check
for important messages, including updates and service bulletins.  The
Software does not interact with the process of any secure financial
transactions, e.g. credit card transactions.  TC may keep statistics on
the aggregated anonymous use of the Software.

14. INTEGRATION CLAUSE & EXCLUSIONS

This Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement
between us, notwithstanding any variance with any purchase order or
other written instrument submitted by you, whether formally rejected by
TC or not.  The acceptance of any purchase order you place is expressly
made conditional on your consent to the terms set forth herein.  The
terms and conditions contained in this Agreement may not be modified by
you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized
representative of TC.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to
the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and such decision shall
not affect the enforceability of such provision under other
circumstances, or of the remaining provisions hereof under all
circumstances.  This Agreement will not be governed by the United
Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods,
the application of which is hereby expressly excluded.

Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Terracotta, Inc.
650 Townsend Street, suite 325
San Francisco, California 94103

License version: 1.2
